profile/README.md, before:

# The Kata Log

by [Jacqui Read](https://jacquiread.com/?mtm_campaign=tech&mtm_source=katalog)

<img src="/assets/KataLog-1280x220.png" alt="The Kata Log" style="zoom:50%;" />

Finalist entries to the O'Reilly Software Architecture Katas give us excellent examples of how to approach architecting software. No two are the same, despite following the same original brief. **How could you use these examples in your own work?**

## Content

- <a href="#win24">Finalists: Winter 2024</a>
- <a href="#fall23">Finalists: Autumn/Fall 2023</a>
- <a href="#fallex23">Finalists: Autumn/Fall (external) 2023</a>
- <a href="#fall22">Finalists: Autumn/Fall 2022</a>
- <a href="#spring22">Finalists: Spring 2022</a>
- <a href="#fall21">Finalists: Autumn/Fall 2021</a>
- <a href="#spring21">Finalists: Spring 2021</a>
- <a href="#fall20">Finalists: Autumn/Fall 2020</a>
- <a href="#oreillykatas">O'Reilly Architectural Katas</a>

<a name="win24"></a>

## Finalists: Winter 2024

> GitHub Repositories of the top 4 (joint 3rd place) and runners-up of the O'Reilly Winter Architecture Kata 2024.

1. [BluzBrothers](https://github.com/TheKataLog/BluzBrothers)
2. [Mighty Orbots](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Mighty-Orbots)
3. = [Low Codes](https://github.com/TheKataLog/LowCode)
3. = [Architects Evolution Zone](https://github.com/TheKataLog/AchitectsEvolutionZone)

### Runners-Up

> Listed in alphabetical order with no ranking.

- [InfyArchs](https://github.com/TheKataLog/InfyArchs)
- [Safezone Cartons](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Safezone-Cartons)
- [Systems Savants](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Systems-Savants)

<a name="fall23"></a>

## Finalists: Autumn/Fall 2023

> GitHub Repositories of the top 3 and runners-up of the O'Reilly Autumn/Fall Architecture Kata 2023.

1. [CELUS Ceals](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Celus-Ceals)
2. [Rapid Response](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Rapid-Response)
3. [Wonderous Toys](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Wonderous-Toys)

### Runners-Up

> Listed in alphabetical order with no ranking.

- [AnimAI](https://github.com/TheKataLog/AnimAI)
- [WildCode Wranglers](https://github.com/TheKataLog/WildCode-Wranglers)
- [Wildlife Watchers](https://github.com/TheKataLog/WildlifeWatchers)

<a name="fallex23"></a>

## Finalists: Autumn/Fall (external) 2023

> GitHub Repositories of the top 3 and runners-up of the O'Reilly Autumn/Fall (external) Architecture Kata 2023.

1. [Profitero Data Alchemists](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Profitero-Data-Alchemists)
2. [Iconites](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Iconites)
3. [Flexibility Fertilisers](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Flexibility-Fertilisers)

### Runners-Up

> Listed in alphabetical order with no ranking.

- [ArchEnemies](https://github.com/TheKataLog/ArchEnemies)
- [Byte Me](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Byte-Me)
- [Cloudeneers](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Cloudeneers)
- [Magenta Force](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Magenta-Force)
- [Street Fighters](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Street-Fighters)
- [Worried Warriors](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Worried-Warriors)

<a name="fall22"></a>

## Finalists: Autumn/Fall 2022

> GitHub Repositories of the top 3 and runners-up of the O'Reilly Autumn/Fall Architecture Kata 2022.

1. [monArch](https://github.com/TheKataLog/MonArch)
2. [IPT](https://github.com/TheKataLog/IPT)
3. [The Black Cat Manifestation](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Black-Cat-Manifestation)

### Runners-Up

> Listed in alphabetical order with no ranking.

- [Achievers](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Achievers)
- [ItDepends](https://github.com/TheKataLog/It-Depends)
- [Los Ingenials](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Los-Ingenials)

<a name="spring22"></a>

## Finalists: Spring 2022 

> GitHub Repositories of the top 3 and runners-up of the O'Reilly Spring Architecture Kata 2022.

1. [Pegasuz](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Pegasuz)
2. [The Marmots](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Marmots)
3. [The Global Variables](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Global-Variables)

### Runners-Up

> Listed in alphabetical order with no ranking.

- [Arch8s](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Arch8s)
- [Goal Diggers](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Goal-Diggers)
- [Kamikaze Slayers](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Kamikaze-Slayers)
- [Shokunin](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Shokunin)
- [Wright Stuff](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Wright-Stuff)

<a name="fall21"></a>

## Finalists: Autumn/Fall 2021 

> GitHub Repositories of the top 3 and runners-up of the O'Reilly Autumn/Fall Architecture Kata 2021.

1. [The Archangels](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Archangels)
2. [Server Crew](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Sever-Crew)
3. [Architects++](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Architects)

### Runners-Up

> Listed in alphabetical order with no ranking.

- [Arch Angels](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Arch-Angels)
- [Berlin Bears](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Berlin-Bears)
- [Elephant on a Cycle](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Elephant-on-a-Cycle)
- [Pentagram2021](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Pentagram2021)

<a name="spring21"></a>

## Finalists: Spring 2021

> GitHub Repositories of the top 3 and runners-up of the O'Reilly Spring Architecture Kata 2021.

1. [Team 7](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Team-7)
2. [ArchElekt](https://github.com/TheKataLog/ArchElekt)
3. [The Mad Katas](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Mad-Katas)

### Runners-Up

> Listed in alphabetical order with no ranking.

- [Arch Mahal](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Arch-Mahal)
- [GlobalArchitects](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Global-Architects)
- [Pentagram](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Pentagram)
- [Renaissance](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Renaissance)

<a name="fall20"></a>

## Finalists: Autumn/Fall 2020

> GitHub Repositories of the top 3 and runners-up of the O'Reilly Autumn/Fall Architecture Kata 2020.

1. [ArchColider](https://github.com/TheKataLog/ArchColider)
2. [Myagis Forest](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Myagis-Forest)
3. [Jedis](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Jedis)

### Runners-Up

> Listed in alphabetical order with no ranking.

- [da Vinci](https://github.com/TheKataLog/da-Vinci)
- [Hananoyama](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Hananoyama)
- [Hey Dragon](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Hey-Dragon)
- [Jaikaturi](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Jaikaturi)
- [Self-Driven Team](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Self-Driven-Team)
- [Super Kings](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Super-Kings)
- [Team Pacman](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Team-Pacman)

---

<a name="oreillykatas"></a>

## O'Reilly Architectural Katas

The O'Reilly Architectural Katas are hosted by [Neal Ford](http://nealford.com/) and [Mark Richards](https://developertoarchitect.com/), and judged by a team led by Head Judge [Jacqui Read](https://jacquiread.com/) (AKA Judge Jacqui).

Here is how the katas are described on O'Reilly.com:

> Architectural Katas (started by [Ted Neward](http://blogs.tedneward.com/)^) give you the opportunity to exchange ideas, solve an architectural problem, and, if you’re a finalist, present your plans before some of the best and brightest leaders in the industry.
>
> **Here’s how it works.** You’ll work together virtually in small teams of your choosing to solve a real software architecture problem faced by an actual organization working for social good. Everyone gets the chance to practice their craft in a safe and social environment, and the finalists and winners earn well-deserved bragging rights. Plus, the selected organization trying to do good in the world will have one of its gnarliest software architecture problems solved.
>
> Not ready to compete but want to be part of the action? Spectators are welcome! See how Architectural Katas work, cast your vote for the winning team, and learn how to successfully present architecture plans to stakeholders.
>
> **Please note, your team must include at least one O’Reilly online learning member in order to participate in the challenge and attend the live events.**

^ Link added by project author.

Commit message:

Add winners for autumn/fall 2024 kata

profile/README.md, after:

# The Kata Log

by [Jacqui Read](https://jacquiread.com/?mtm_campaign=tech&mtm_source=katalog)

<img src="/assets/KataLog-1280x220.png" alt="The Kata Log" style="zoom:50%;" />

Finalist entries to the O'Reilly Software Architecture Katas give us excellent examples of how to approach architecting software. No two are the same, despite following the same original brief. **How could you use these examples in your own work?**

## Content

- <a href="#fall24">Finalists: Autumn/Fall 2024</a>
- <a href="#win24">Finalists: Winter 2024</a>
- <a href="#fall23">Finalists: Autumn/Fall 2023</a>
- <a href="#fallex23">Finalists: Autumn/Fall (external) 2023</a>
- <a href="#fall22">Finalists: Autumn/Fall 2022</a>
- <a href="#spring22">Finalists: Spring 2022</a>
- <a href="#fall21">Finalists: Autumn/Fall 2021</a>
- <a href="#spring21">Finalists: Spring 2021</a>
- <a href="#fall20">Finalists: Autumn/Fall 2020</a>
- <a href="#oreillykatas">O'Reilly Architectural Katas</a>

<a name="fall24"></a>

## Finalists: Autumn/Fall 2024

> GitHub Repositories of the top 3 and runners-up of the O'Reilly Autumn/Fall Architecture Kata 2024.

1. [Pragmatic](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Pragmatic)
2. [Katamarans](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Katamarans)
3. [Ctrl+Alt+Elite](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Ctrl-Alt-Elite)

### Runners-Up

> Listed in alphabetical order with no ranking.

- [ArchZ](https://github.com/TheKataLog/ArchZ)
- [DevExperts](https://github.com/TheKataLog/DevExperts)
- [Equihire Architects](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Equihire-Architects)
- [Jazz Executor](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Jazz-Executor)

<a name="win24"></a>

## Finalists: Winter 2024

> GitHub Repositories of the top 4 (joint 3rd place) and runners-up of the O'Reilly Winter Architecture Kata 2024.

1. [BluzBrothers](https://github.com/TheKataLog/BluzBrothers)
2. [Mighty Orbots](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Mighty-Orbots)
3. = [Low Codes](https://github.com/TheKataLog/LowCode)
3. = [Architects Evolution Zone](https://github.com/TheKataLog/AchitectsEvolutionZone)

### Runners-Up

> Listed in alphabetical order with no ranking.

- [InfyArchs](https://github.com/TheKataLog/InfyArchs)
- [Safezone Cartons](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Safezone-Cartons)
- [Systems Savants](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Systems-Savants)

<a name="fall23"></a>

## Finalists: Autumn/Fall 2023

> GitHub Repositories of the top 3 and runners-up of the O'Reilly Autumn/Fall Architecture Kata 2023.

1. [CELUS Ceals](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Celus-Ceals)
2. [Rapid Response](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Rapid-Response)
3. [Wonderous Toys](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Wonderous-Toys)

### Runners-Up

> Listed in alphabetical order with no ranking.

- [AnimAI](https://github.com/TheKataLog/AnimAI)
- [WildCode Wranglers](https://github.com/TheKataLog/WildCode-Wranglers)
- [Wildlife Watchers](https://github.com/TheKataLog/WildlifeWatchers)

<a name="fallex23"></a>

## Finalists: Autumn/Fall (external) 2023

> GitHub Repositories of the top 3 and runners-up of the O'Reilly Autumn/Fall (external) Architecture Kata 2023.

1. [Profitero Data Alchemists](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Profitero-Data-Alchemists)
2. [Iconites](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Iconites)
3. [Flexibility Fertilisers](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Flexibility-Fertilisers)

### Runners-Up

> Listed in alphabetical order with no ranking.

- [ArchEnemies](https://github.com/TheKataLog/ArchEnemies)
- [Byte Me](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Byte-Me)
- [Cloudeneers](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Cloudeneers)
- [Magenta Force](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Magenta-Force)
- [Street Fighters](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Street-Fighters)
- [Worried Warriors](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Worried-Warriors)

<a name="fall22"></a>

## Finalists: Autumn/Fall 2022

> GitHub Repositories of the top 3 and runners-up of the O'Reilly Autumn/Fall Architecture Kata 2022.

1. [monArch](https://github.com/TheKataLog/MonArch)
2. [IPT](https://github.com/TheKataLog/IPT)
3. [The Black Cat Manifestation](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Black-Cat-Manifestation)

### Runners-Up

> Listed in alphabetical order with no ranking.

- [Achievers](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Achievers)
- [ItDepends](https://github.com/TheKataLog/It-Depends)
- [Los Ingenials](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Los-Ingenials)

<a name="spring22"></a>

## Finalists: Spring 2022 

> GitHub Repositories of the top 3 and runners-up of the O'Reilly Spring Architecture Kata 2022.

1. [Pegasuz](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Pegasuz)
2. [The Marmots](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Marmots)
3. [The Global Variables](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Global-Variables)

### Runners-Up

> Listed in alphabetical order with no ranking.

- [Arch8s](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Arch8s)
- [Goal Diggers](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Goal-Diggers)
- [Kamikaze Slayers](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Kamikaze-Slayers)
- [Shokunin](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Shokunin)
- [Wright Stuff](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Wright-Stuff)

<a name="fall21"></a>

## Finalists: Autumn/Fall 2021 

> GitHub Repositories of the top 3 and runners-up of the O'Reilly Autumn/Fall Architecture Kata 2021.

1. [The Archangels](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Archangels)
2. [Server Crew](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Sever-Crew)
3. [Architects++](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Architects)

### Runners-Up

> Listed in alphabetical order with no ranking.

- [Arch Angels](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Arch-Angels)
- [Berlin Bears](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Berlin-Bears)
- [Elephant on a Cycle](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Elephant-on-a-Cycle)
- [Pentagram2021](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Pentagram2021)

<a name="spring21"></a>

## Finalists: Spring 2021

> GitHub Repositories of the top 3 and runners-up of the O'Reilly Spring Architecture Kata 2021.

1. [Team 7](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Team-7)
2. [ArchElekt](https://github.com/TheKataLog/ArchElekt)
3. [The Mad Katas](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Mad-Katas)

### Runners-Up

> Listed in alphabetical order with no ranking.

- [Arch Mahal](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Arch-Mahal)
- [GlobalArchitects](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Global-Architects)
- [Pentagram](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Pentagram)
- [Renaissance](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Renaissance)

<a name="fall20"></a>

## Finalists: Autumn/Fall 2020

> GitHub Repositories of the top 3 and runners-up of the O'Reilly Autumn/Fall Architecture Kata 2020.

1. [ArchColider](https://github.com/TheKataLog/ArchColider)
2. [Myagis Forest](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Myagis-Forest)
3. [Jedis](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Jedis)

### Runners-Up

> Listed in alphabetical order with no ranking.

- [da Vinci](https://github.com/TheKataLog/da-Vinci)
- [Hananoyama](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Hananoyama)
- [Hey Dragon](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Hey-Dragon)
- [Jaikaturi](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Jaikaturi)
- [Self-Driven Team](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Self-Driven-Team)
- [Super Kings](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Super-Kings)
- [Team Pacman](https://github.com/TheKataLog/Team-Pacman)

---

<a name="oreillykatas"></a>

## O'Reilly Architectural Katas

The O'Reilly Architectural Katas are hosted by [Neal Ford](http://nealford.com/) and [Mark Richards](https://developertoarchitect.com/), and judged by a team led by Head Judge [Jacqui Read](https://jacquiread.com/) (AKA Judge Jacqui).

Here is how the katas are described on O'Reilly.com:

> Architectural Katas (started by [Ted Neward](http://blogs.tedneward.com/)^) give you the opportunity to exchange ideas, solve an architectural problem, and, if you’re a finalist, present your plans before some of the best and brightest leaders in the industry.
>
> **Here’s how it works.** You’ll work together virtually in small teams of your choosing to solve a real software architecture problem faced by an actual organization working for social good. Everyone gets the chance to practice their craft in a safe and social environment, and the finalists and winners earn well-deserved bragging rights. Plus, the selected organization trying to do good in the world will have one of its gnarliest software architecture problems solved.
>
> Not ready to compete but want to be part of the action? Spectators are welcome! See how Architectural Katas work, cast your vote for the winning team, and learn how to successfully present architecture plans to stakeholders.
>
> **Please note, your team must include at least one O’Reilly online learning member in order to participate in the challenge and attend the live events.**

^ Link added by project author.
